hi guys I'm here at the Geneva Motor
Show take a look at the Lancer Eanes or
a feyo Huracan
the car we're looking at then the
Mansouri torofi oh it starts out as a
Lamborghini Huracan LP 610 610
horsepower Mansouri are capable of
reworking and rebuilding the engine to
produce 1000 horsepower along with 737
and pounds of torque the car also has a
40 millimeter wider rear track and 30
millimeters wider front track versus two
standard Huracan where the biggest
difference is of course on the cosmetic
side so if we come and look firstly down
here in the front you can see this is
completely reworked we've got these new
daytime running lights here along with
the new shapes and multiple layers
throughout the front of bumper and also
on the splitter we've got these small
end plates at the side obviously got to
meet or a favor by Mansouri imagine the
bonnet
as we come further up you've got the
Sesto Elemento and smaller triangular
pieces and then the events on the front
fenders as well
around to the other side
see we've got new Mansoori wheels
continuing down the side with their
shields on the side
carbon-fiber door mirrors carbon-fiber
roof for you there's a carbon-fiber
stripe created around the side vent so
there's a new fin for air flow down
outside looking on the inside as
Mansouri products we've got custom
carbon fiber pieces for the vents the
center panel even painted the piece
above the ignition switch brie trimmed
seats for the Mansouri badges these
steering wheel parts - and the surround
of the instrument panel
so heading towards the rear we've got
these extra vents on the roof here for
to come in to the engine bay scene in
there we've obviously got this carbon
fiber wing sitting on the rear coming
down the rears been completely reshaped
just like the front so we've got a whole
new design going on obviously the new
placement for the exhaust tips or the
new exhaust tips around the pipes inside
there presumably the car also has a new
exhaust system itself but the rear is
just slightly more aggressive more fins
on the diffuser down below and the
Lamborghini badge and replaced with a
Tora fire badge there too so what do you
think I actually think this car looks
quite good
I really like the color sort of a
pearlescent baby blue
this is not a bad little hurricane here
let me know what you think below that
was a Lamborghini huh
the man saurians or affair on the
Lamborghini Huracan here
so thanks for watching Cheers I hope
you're enjoying my content from this
year's Geneva Motor Show be sure to
check out videos of all of the other new
releases right here on the shmoo 150
channel and of course be subscribed for
plenty more supercar videos in the
future
thanks again for watching and I'll catch
up with you very soon Cheers